README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
	<br>
	<img width="360" src="media/logo.svg" alt="dark-facebook-messenger-theme">
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
</h1>

> 🕶️ Cool dark red Facebook Messenger theme

[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-00adad.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knutakir/dark-facebook-messenger-theme/master/dark-facebook-messenger-theme.user.css)

## Installation
### Using the browser plugin Stylus
1. Get the [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) plugin:
    - For [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
    - For [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)
2. Click `Stylus` plugin image → <kbd>Manage</kbd> → <kbd>Write new style</kbd>
3. Enther a name for the style. E.g: `dark-facebook-messenger-theme`
4. Copy the css content from [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knutakir/dark-facebook-messenger-theme/master/dark-facebook-messenger-theme.user.css) into the code textarea
5. Apply the page to `URLs on the domain` for `facebook.com` and/or `messenger.com` by clicking <kbd>Specify</kbd> → put in the URL
6. Click <kbd>Save</kbd> and go to https://www.messenger.com/ or https://facebook.com to view the result️️

### Change favicons using Greasemonkey (Optional) (currently only for Firefox)
If you want to change the favicons of the websites aswell as the `css`-style:
1. Get the [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) plugin
2. Click `Greasemonkey` plugin image → <kbd>New user script...</kbd>
3. Copy the javscript code from [this file](favicon-replacer.js) into the code textarea
4. Click <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd> and go to https://www.messenger.com/ or https://facebook.com to view the result️️

## License
MIT © [Knut Kirkhorn](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update readme with shorter installation guide

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
	<br>
	<img width="360" src="media/logo.svg" alt="dark-facebook-messenger-theme">
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
</h1>

> 🕶️ Cool dark red Facebook Messenger theme

[![Install directly with Stylus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20directly%20with-Stylus-00adad.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knutakir/dark-facebook-messenger-theme/master/dark-facebook-messenger-theme.user.css)

## Installation
### Using the browser plugin Stylus
1. Get the [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) plugin:
    - For [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
    - For [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)
2. Clik [here]() to install the theme using Stylus.
3. Click <kbd>Install style</kbd> and go to https://www.messenger.com/ or https://facebook.com to view the result️️

#### Alternative manual installation
1. Get the [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) plugin:
    - For [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
    - For [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)
2. Click `Stylus` plugin image → <kbd>Manage</kbd> → <kbd>Write new style</kbd>
3. Enther a name for the style. E.g: `dark-facebook-messenger-theme`
4. Copy the css content from [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knutakir/dark-facebook-messenger-theme/master/dark-facebook-messenger-theme.user.css) into the code textarea
5. Apply the page to `URLs on the domain` for `facebook.com` and/or `messenger.com` by clicking <kbd>Specify</kbd> → put in the URL
6. Click <kbd>Save</kbd> and go to https://www.messenger.com/ or https://facebook.com to view the result️️

### Change favicons using Greasemonkey (Optional) (currently only for Firefox)
If you want to change the favicons of the websites aswell as the `css`-style:
1. Get the [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) plugin
2. Click `Greasemonkey` plugin image → <kbd>New user script...</kbd>
3. Copy the javscript code from [this file](favicon-replacer.js) into the code textarea
4. Click <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd> and go to https://www.messenger.com/ or https://facebook.com to view the result️️

## License
MIT © [Knut Kirkhorn](LICENSE)
